so I do have a bunch on Facebook before
but if your puppy can you see what aha
but you don't have to me me I have a
good heart your horse would go home he
pawned you stand on Batman
sure Mikey one man taking each other
are you tired up and I'm gonna ha ha I'm
a big girl ha ha ha ha ha ha ha jump a
Chanel 2 means you can go down by me
that is my purpose of landing at Aloha
Delia
I'm
Janina Gamow Yamaha
tonight be sure happy Alice
they see the piece man huh uh no sorry I
ran her over
yay oh boy young your ha yeah well
nothing jokes going on hi Baba Nyonya
hatte keine it'll come to Muhammad
Sawa's night good night and a half a lot
ago good Michael
Havasu Romano about what you got
kalayavana half old my baby do not ha ha
ha d ha bye-bye
you